"Free software is a matter of liberty, not price." — Richard Stallman
"Talk is cheap. Show me the code." — Linus Torvalds
"The most dangerous phrase in the language is 'We've always done it this way.'" — Grace Hopper
"The best way to predict the future is to invent it." — Alan Kay
"Architecture is the art of how to waste space." — Philip Johnson
"Simplicity is prerequisite for reliability." — Edsger W. Dijkstra
"Programs must be written for people to read, and only incidentally for machines to execute." — Harold Abelson
"Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic." — Arthur C. Clarke
"The function of good software is to make the complex appear to be simple." — Grady Booch
"First, solve the problem. Then, write the code." — John Johnson
"It's not a bug, it's a feature." — Anonymous
"Measuring programming progress by lines of code is like measuring aircraft building progress by weight." — Bill Gates
"The only way to learn a new programming language is by writing programs in it." — Dennis Ritchie
"UNIX is basically a simple operating system, but you have to be a genius to understand the simplicity." — Dennis Ritchie
"There are only two hard things in Computer Science: cache invalidation and naming things." — Phil Karlton
"In a world without walls and fences, who needs Windows and Gates?" — Anonymous
"Your most unhappy customers are your greatest source of learning." — Bill Gates
"The amateur software engineer is always in search of magic." — Grady Booch
"One machine can do the work of fifty ordinary men. No machine can do the work of one extraordinary man." — Elbert Hubbard
"The computer was born to solve problems that did not exist before." — Bill Gates
"Privacy is not something that I'm merely entitled to, it's an absolute prerequisite." — Marlon Brando
"Arguing that you don't care about the right to privacy because you have nothing to hide is no different than saying you don't care about free speech because you have nothing to say." — Edward Snowden
"The Internet is the first thing that humanity has built that humanity doesn't understand." — Eric Schmidt
"We can only see a short distance ahead, but we can see plenty there that needs to be done." — Alan Turing
"A computer lets you make more mistakes faster than any other invention, with the possible exceptions of handguns and tequila." — Mitch Ratcliffe
"The question of whether a computer can think is no more interesting than the question of whether a submarine can swim." — Edsger W. Dijkstra
"People think that computer science is the art of geniuses but the actual reality is the opposite, just many people doing things that build on each other." — Donald Knuth
"Software is like entropy: it is difficult to grasp, weighs nothing, and obeys the Second Law of Thermodynamics; i.e., it always increases." — Norman Augustine
"The art of programming is the art of organizing complexity." — Edsger W. Dijkstra
"Computing is not about computers anymore. It is about living." — Nicholas Negroponte
"The advance of technology is based on making it fit in so that you don't really even notice it, so it's part of everyday life." — Bill Gates
"Linux is only free if your time has no value." — Jamie Zawinski
"Given enough eyeballs, all bugs are shallow." — Linus Torvalds (Linus's Law)
"Intelligence is the ability to avoid doing work, yet getting the work done." — Linus Torvalds
"Freedom is not worth having if it does not include the freedom to make mistakes." — Mahatma Gandhi
"The master's tools will never dismantle the master's house." — Audre Lorde
"Technology is neither good nor bad; nor is it neutral." — Melvin Kranzberg
"The Net treats censorship as damage and routes around it." — John Gilmore
"Information wants to be free." — Stewart Brand
"The power of the Web is in its universality. Access by everyone regardless of disability is an essential aspect." — Tim Berners-Lee
"Perfection is achieved not when there is nothing more to add, but when there is nothing left to take away." — Antoine de Saint-Exupery
"Make it work, make it right, make it fast." — Kent Beck
"Premature optimization is the root of all evil." — Donald Knuth
"A language that doesn't affect the way you think about programming is not worth knowing." — Alan Perlis
"The most disastrous thing that you can ever learn is your first programming language." — Alan Kay
"Technology is best when it brings people together." — Matt Mullenweg
"Before software can be reusable it first has to be usable." — Ralph Johnson
"Code is like humor. When you have to explain it, it's bad." — Cory House
"Containers are not a security boundary." — Jessie Frazelle
"The only truly secure system is one that is powered off, cast in a block of concrete and sealed in a lead-lined room with armed guards." — Gene Spafford
